Update additional worker node pools docs (#1678)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/04-40-additional-worker-node-pools.md

# Additional Worker Node Pools

To create an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime with additional worker node pools, specify the `additionalWorkerNodePools` provisioning parameter.

> [!NOTE]

> > **name**, **machineType**, **haZones**, **autoScalerMin**, and **autoScalerMax** values are mandatory for additional worker node pool configuration.

Author: I will move this version `To use the additional worker node pool feature, you must provide the following values: name, machineType, haZones, autoScalerMin, and autoScalerMax. to introduction.`

           \"additionalWorkerNodePools\": [
               {
                   \"name\": \"worker-1\",
                   \"machineType\": \"Standard_D2s_v5\",
                   \"haZones\": true,
                   \"autoScalerMin\": 3,
                   \"autoScalerMax\": 20
               },
               {
                   \"name\": \"worker-2\",
                   \"machineType\": \"Standard_D4s_v5\",
                   \"haZones\": false,
                   \"autoScalerMin\": 1,
                   \"autoScalerMax\": 1
               }
           ]
       }
   }"
```

If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` list in the provisioning request, no additional worker node pools are created. 
The **haZones** property specifies whether high availability (HA) zones are supported. This setting is permanent and cannot be changed later. 
If HA is disabled, all resources are placed in a single, randomly selected zone. Disabled HA allows setting both **autoScalerMin** and **autoScalerMax** to 1, which helps reduce costs. 
It is not recommended for production environments. When enabled, resources are distributed across three zones to enhance fault tolerance. 

> Enabled HA requires setting **autoScalerMin** to the minimal value 3.

Reviewer: Is it always `3` or at least `3`?

> Enabled HA requires setting **autoScalerMin** to the minimal value 3.

Author: At least `3`

> If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` list in the update request, the saved additional worker node pools stay untouched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not provide the `additionalWorkerNodePools` list in the update request, the saved additional worker node pools stay unchanged.
```

However, if you provide an empty list in the update request, all additional worker node pools are removed.

> Renaming the additional worker node pool will result in the deletion of the existing pool and the creation of a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you rename your existing additional worker node pool, it is deleted, and a new one is created.
```

  },
  "parameters": {
    "name" : {CLUSTER_NAME},
    "additionalWorkerNodePools": [
      {
        "name": "worker-3",
        "machineType": "Standard_D8s_v5",
        "haZones": true,
        "autoScalerMin": 10,
        "autoScalerMax": 30
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> 3. The additional worker node pools are updated to include the values of the `additionalWorkerNodePools` list from JSON file provided in the update request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The additional worker node pools are updated to include the values of the `additionalWorkerNodePools` list from the JSON file provided in the update request:
```
